{
    "overall_context": "This is WordCraft, the text-game-version of Minecraft.",
    "keywords": {
        "night": "Enemies will be generated in the night according to the current difficulty.",
        "difficulty": "Easy.",
        "level": "The current player level is: 1.",
        "Jeffry": "A character who is exploring a new land with verdant plains, rolling hills, dense forest, babbling brook, and wildflowers, experiencing the raw beauty of nature's bounty. Jeffry discovers breathtaking landscapes and poetic inspiration in the untamed wilderness. He carries essential tools in his backpack, including a coiled rope, a sturdy pickaxe, a compact sleeping roll, and a tattered journal filled with sketches and poetic musings from his travels."
    },
    "progress": "For the first time, adventurers achieved this new land. Here is a cinematic description of Jeffry looking around the new land, around 1-2 paragraphs:\n\nA cool breeze swept across the verdant plains, causing the tall grass to ripple like emerald waves. Jeffry's gaze roamed over the sprawling landscape, taking in the rolling hills that rose and fell with gentle slopes. In the distance, a dense forest of towering pine trees stretched as far as the eye could see, their deep green canopy beckoning with the promise of adventure. \n\nCloser by, a babbling brook wound its way through the lush meadow, its crystalline waters reflecting the brilliant azure sky above. Wildflowers of every hue dotted the riverbanks, their vibrant petals swaying with each breath of wind. The sweet fragrances mingled in the air, carrying the earthy scent of fertile soil and the crisp aroma of pine. This untamed frontier brimmed with the raw, unspoiled beauty of nature's bounty. Here is a short poem Jeffry might read to describe the breathtaking scene before him:\n\n\"Nature's Canvas, Awash with Life's Hues\n\nEmerald plains roll on, caressed by winds so cool,\nGentle hills rise and fall, an untamed jewel.\nTowering pines stretch proud, a verdant fortress tall,\nBeckoning with whispers of adventures to enthrall.\n\nA crystalline brook dances, its joyous melodies ring,\nWildflowers bedecked in rainbows, nature's offering.\nSweet perfumes entwine, earthy pine's pure embrace,\nThis fertile frontier unveils beauty's unbridled grace.\"\n\nJeffry's voice rang out, the poetic words painting a vivid tapestry of the picturesque landscape surrounding him. The raw, rugged beauty of this newly discovered realm filled him with a sense of wonder and excitement for the adventures that lay ahead in its untamed wilderness. Jeffry's gaze drifted down from the awe-inspiring vistas, and his hands instinctively reached for the sturdy backpack slung over his shoulders. Unbuckling the straps, he eased the pack onto the lush grass, its canvas exterior bearing the scars of countless explorations. As he unzipped the main compartment, the musty scent of well-worn gear mingled with the crisp mountain air.\n\nInside, his essential tools peeked out from their designated pockets \u2013 a coiled rope, a sturdy pickaxe with a gleaming steel head, and a compact yet resilient sleeping roll. A smaller side pocket revealed a tattered journal, its pages brimming with sketches, notes, and the seeds of poetic musings inspired by the wonders he had witnessed on his travels. Jeffry's calloused fingers traced the worn leather cover, a faint smile playing upon his lips as he anticipated the tales this uncharted territory would soon inscribe upon those blank pages.",
    "text_window_size": 1000,
    "word_search_depth": 2,
    "model": "anthropic/claude-sonnet-4.5"
}